# RESTaurant

## Description
  This is an all in one restaurant management rails app for both the font and back of house. It is designed so that a waitstaff can use it for keeping track of parties and their orders. It allows restaurant owners to add/remove/update items on their menu. Also it lets the chefs keep track of what orders they have completed and be told they need to speed things up.

## Technologies Used
  - Ruby
  - Rails

## User Stories
  - As a user I should be able to sign in as either waitstaff, manager, or chef.
  - As a user I should be presented with the appropriate view/capabilities based on what type of user I am signed in as.
  - As a user I should be able to select a party of customers.
  _ As a user I should be able to select food items the customers have ordered.
  - As a user I should be able to see a receipt for a party.
  - As a user I should be able to see a list of menu items.
  - As a management user I should be able to I should be able to add a new menu item.
  - As a management user I should be able to remove an existing menu item.
  - As a management user I should be able to edit an existing menu item.
  - As a chef user I should be able to see a simple looking display that shows the items that need to be cooked in order of when they should be cooked.
  - As a chef user I should be able to removed completed orders from my list of orders to be cooked.
  - As a chef user I should be able to see a visual cue for when I need to speed things up.

## ERDs

## Wireframes
